docs for creating order with billing agreement (#101)
paypal/android-sdk: docs/PayPalNativeCheckout/README.md

# Accepting PayPal Native Checkout Payments
 
The PayPal Native Checkout module in the PayPal SDK enables PayPal payments in your app

Follow these steps to add PayPal Native Checkout payments:

1. [Setup a PayPal Developer Account](#setup-a-paypal-developer-account)
2. [Add PayPal Native Checkout Module](#add-paypal-native-checkout-module)
3. [Test and go live](#test-and-go-live)

> 4. After initial setup, Follow instructions [here](#billing-agreement) for Billing Agreements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After initial setup, follow instructions [here](#billing-agreement) for Billing Agreements
```

> 4. After initial setup, follow instructions [here](#billing-agreement) for Billing Agreements

Reviewer 2: Same comment as https://github.com/paypal/iOS-SDK/pull/92/files#r1025480436

## Setup a PayPal Developer Account

You will need to set up authorization to use the PayPal Payments SDK. Follow the steps
in [Get Started](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-getstarted) to create a client ID and

> secret, to generate access tokens.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You will need to set up authorization to use the PayPal Payments SDK. Follow the steps
in [Get Started](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-getstarted) to create a client ID and
secret, needed to generate an access tokens.
```

You will need a server integration to create an order to capture funds using
the [PayPal Orders v2 API](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/orders/v2). For initial setup,

> the `curl` commands below can be used as a reference for making server-side RESTful API calls.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You will need a server-side integration to create an order using
the [PayPal Orders v2 API](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/orders/v2). This order will be used to authorize or capture funds. For initial setup,
the `curl` commands below can be used as a reference for making server-side RESTful API calls.
```

## Setup a PayPal Developer Account

You will need to set up authorization to use the PayPal Payments SDK.

> Follow the steps in [Get Started](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-getstarted) to create a client ID and secret, needed to generate an access token.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Follow the steps in [Get Started](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-getstarted) to create a client ID and secret. These values are needed to generate an access token.
```

> You will need a server-side integration to create an order to capture funds using the [PayPal Orders v2 API](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/orders/v2).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The SDK requires a server-side integration to create an order to capture funds using the [PayPal Orders v2 API](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/orders/v2).
```

> This order will be used to authorize or capture funds. For initial setup, the `curl` commands below can be used as a reference for making server-side RESTful API calls.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The order created on your server will be used to authorize or capture funds. For initial setup, the `curl` commands below can be used as a reference for making server-side RESTful API calls.
```
We should specify where the funds are authorized or captured after `funds` above. In the SDK? Also on their server?

In order to integrate PayPalNative checkout, you will need:

> 1. An app client ID and corresponding secret. This is to generate and access token that will allow

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. A PayPal client ID and corresponding secret. This is to generate an access token that will allow
```

>    you to create payment tokens, capture funds and authorize customers to place orders.

Reviewer 3: general question, is payment tokens the correct term? I know on Braintree we use nonce (which is confusing) but want to make sure we are referencing single use payments however we have deemed is correct for this SDK.

2. Setting a return URL.

A return URL is required for redirecting users back to the app after authenticating. Please
reference
our [developer documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/business/native-checkout/android/)

> to create said url and also to learn about how to create a new PayPal application as well.

Reviewer 3: Looks like the spacing got a little off above with reference on it's own line.

```suggestion
to create a return URL and also to learn about how to create a new PayPal application.
```

payPalClient.listener = object : PayPalNativeCheckoutListener {

    override fun onPayPalCheckoutStart() {

>         // the PaPal paysheet is about to appear

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        // the PayPal paysheet is about to appear
```

```kotlin
payPalClient.listener = object : PayPalNativeCheckoutListener {

   override fun onPayPalCheckoutStart() {

>       // the paypal paysheet is about to appear

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      // the PayPal paysheet is about to appear
```

   }

   override fun onPayPalSuccess(result: PayPalNativeCheckoutResult) {
      // order was successfully approved and is ready to be captured/authorized (see step 6)
   }

   override fun onPayPalFailure(error: PayPalSDKError) {
      // handle the error
   }

   override fun onPayPalCanceled() {
      // the user canceled the flow
   }

   override fun onPayPalCheckoutShippingChange(
      shippingChangeData: ShippingChangeData,
      shippingChangeActions: ShippingChangeActions
   ) {

>       // there has been a change in shipping address or shipping method. Patch the order accordingly

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      // there has been a change in shipping address or shipping method, patch the order accordingly
```
Update to match the formatting of the other comments

--data-raw ''
```

> ## Billing Agreement

Reviewer 4: Add a link to this section in the begining of the Readme

--data-raw ''
```

## Billing Agreement

### 1. Create Billing Agreement

**Request**

```bash
curl --location --request POST 'https://api.sandbox.paypal.com/v2/checkout/orders/' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>' \
--data-raw '{
  "description": "Billing Agreement",
  "shipping_address":
  {
    "line1": "1350 North First Street",
    "city": "San Jose",
    "state": "CA",
    "postal_code": "95112",
    "country_code": "US",
    "recipient_name": "John Doe"
  },
  "payer":
  {
    "payment_method": "PAYPAL"
  },
  "plan":
  {
    "type": "MERCHANT_INITIATED_BILLING",
    "merchant_preferences":
    {

>       "return_url": "https://example.com/return",
>       "cancel_url": "https://example.com/cancel",
>       "notify_url": "https://example.com/notify",

Reviewer 2: Same comment I left in iOS PR - these should be removed from the create order call.

```suggestion
```

Author: removed `return_url` 
this seems to be not updated https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/payments.billing-agreements/v1/

      "accepted_pymt_type": "INSTANT",
      "skip_shipping_address": false,
      "immutable_shipping_address": true
    }
  }

> }'

Reviewer: Can we format the JSON indentation here to increase readability?

```

**Response**

```json
{

>    "token_id": "<TOKEN>"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   "token_id": "<BILLING_AGREEMENT_TOKEN>"
```

}
```

### 2. Set Billing Agreement

```kotlin
paypalNativeClient.startCheckout(CreateOrder { createOrderActions ->

>    createOrderActions.setBillingAgreementId(billingAgreementId)

Reviewer 2: Use the same variable name so it is clear that the merchant should pass this token response value into the `setBillingAgreementId` method . I also made this comment on the[ iOS PR](https://github.com/paypal/iOS-SDK/pull/92).
```suggestion
   createOrderActions.setBillingAgreementId("<BILLING_AGREEMENT_TOKEN>")
```

--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--header 'Authorization: Bearer <ACCESS_TOKEN>' \
--data-raw '{
  "description": "Billing Agreement",
  "shipping_address":
  {
    "line1": "1350 North First Street",
    "city": "San Jose",
    "state": "CA",
    "postal_code": "95112",
    "country_code": "US",
    "recipient_name": "John Doe"
  },
  "payer":
  {
    "payment_method": "PAYPAL"
  },
  "plan":
  {
    "type": "MERCHANT_INITIATED_BILLING",
    "merchant_preferences":
    {
      "return_url": "https://example.com/return",
      "cancel_url": "https://example.com/cancel",
      "notify_url": "https://example.com/notify",
      "accepted_pymt_type": "INSTANT",
      "skip_shipping_address": false,
      "immutable_shipping_address": true
    }
  }
}'
```

**Response**

```json
{
   "token_id": "<TOKEN>"
}
```

### 2. Set Billing Agreement

```kotlin
paypalNativeClient.startCheckout(CreateOrder { createOrderActions ->
   createOrderActions.setBillingAgreementId(billingAgreementId)
})
```

### 3. Start checkout

Follow steps here to [Initiate PayPal Native Checkout](#3-initiate-paypal-native-checkout)

## Test and go live

### 1. Test the PayPal integration

Follow

> the [Create sandbox account](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/#link-createsandboxaccounts)

Reviewer 3: This spacing looks off with just "follow" on it's own line
